Cleaned up Maintainers' Section (#12)
TeamNewPipe/documentation: docs/07_maintainers_view.md

# Maintainers' Section

These are some basic principles that I want maintainers to follow when maintaining NewPipe.

### Keep it Streamlined

> NewPipe is a media player for smartphones on the Android platform, thus it is intended to be used for entertainment. This means it does not have to be some professional

Reviewer: Also works on tablets just fine. Just get rid of `for smartphones`.

Author: I was uncertain if it worked on tablets. Thanks for clarifying.

application, and it does not have to be complicated to be used.
However NewPipe might not focus on the casual user completely as there are

> many features that are a bit more "techy" and may require some knowledge about

Reviewer: `techy` is ambiguous. How about the following:

```suggestion
some features designed for more experienced users which may require some knowledge about
```

> code, however in essence NewPipe should be easy to use, even for your average Android user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
code, however in essence NewPipe should be easy to use, even for an average Android user.
```
That is a long sentence, but I think that's okay.

1. __Don't add too many special

>   features.__ NewPipe does not have to be an air plane cockpit. Do not try to fill every single niche that might exist. If people want more advanced features, they

Reviewer: Minor grammar issue. You always have to combine the word *would* with simple past in the *if* part.

```suggestion
  features.__ NewPipe does not have to be an air plane cockpit. Do not try to fill every single niche that might exist. If people wanted more advanced features, they
```

  would use professional tools. If you add too much functionality, you add complexity, and complexity scares away the average user. Focus on NewPipe's scope as a **media player** for the end user, and only as such. 

> 2. __Design the UI so that it is easy for the user__. Try to make it comply with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. __Usability of the user interface should be priorized.__. Try to make it comply with
```

  [material design guidelines](https://material.io/design/guidelines-overview/).
  

### Bugfixes

![kde_in_a_nutshell](img/kde_in_a_nutshell.jpg)]

> *Disclaimer: This is a meme. Don't take it personally.*

Reviewer: There must be a `Please` in that sentence, ideally preceding the rest.

>  __Always prioritize fixing bugs__, as the best application with the best features

Reviewer: I think in American English it's `priorize`.

Author: The base noun is "priority", so the verb would be "prioritize". Google confirms the spelling.

   does not help much if it is broken, or annoying to use. Now if a program
   is in an early stage it is quite understandable that many things break. This
   is one reason why NewPipe still has no "1" in the beginning of its version
   number.
   By now, NewPipe is in a stage where there should be a strong focus on
   stability.

1. If there are multiple Pull Requests open, check the ones with bugfixes first.
2. Do not add too many features every version, as every feature will inevitably

>     introduce more bugs. It is OK if PRs stay open for a while, but don't leave them open for too long.

Reviewer: How about "remain open"?

3. If there are bugs that are stale, or open for a while bump them from time
   to time, so devs know that there is still something left to fix.

> 4. Never merge PRs with known issues. From my perception the community does not like to fix bugs, this is why you as a maintainer should

Reviewer: Now that we call it a "Maintainers' Section" (i.e., plural), the word `my` should be replaced by `our`, etc.

   especially focus on pursuing bugs.

### Features

Features are also something that can cause a headache. You should not blindly
say yes to features, even if they are small, but you should also not immediately say no. If you are not sure, try the feature, look into the
code, speak with the developer, and then make a decision. When considering a feature, ask yourself the following questions:

- Was the feature requested by only a few, or by many?

> 	- Avoid introducing niche features to satisfy a small handful of users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	- Avoid introducing nice features to satisfy a small handful of users.
```

Reviewer 2: Oh it's late. I should stop reviewing :D

Author: That word is correct as is.

niche - denoting or relating to products, services, or interests that appeal to a small, specialized section of the population.

Reviewer: He should know. The word exists in German as well. There it's written "Nische".

Reviewer 2: Yes, noticed it too. That's why I decided to stop for today 😆
